docs(contributing): Add a simple contributing.md file. (#52)
skuid/skuid-cli: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to making code contributions to this repository, please first create an issue describing the change that you would like to make. Discussions over the merits of and need for the proposed change will be conducted via the issue. If the project's maintainers believe that the proposed change is appropriate, then you may submit a pull request which references the issue number, and the pull request will be reviewed.
```

email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

## Pull Request Process

> 1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a 

Reviewer: "before the end of the layer"? Not sure what is meant by this in the context of a go project. Makes sense for a Dockerfile, but don't think this is relevant for Go. Probably something about ensuring that you've vendored your dependencies into the project using `dep ensure` would be more helpful here.

   build.

> 2. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment 

Reviewer: This line also seems out of place in a Go project. Port exposure should be irrelevant here, and "container parameters" as well.
